ClassificationModels/Seq_Classifier_Transformer/readme.md, before:

### Problem Description

This code is about AG News classificaton problem. 

AG News (AG's News Corpus) is a subdataset of AG's corpus of news articles constructed by assembling titles and description fields of articles from the 4 largest classes (“World”, “Sports”, “Business”, “Sci/Tech”) of AG's Corpus. The AG News contains 30,000 training and 1,900 test samples per class.

### Model Architecture
<img src="../../assets/sequenceClassifier.png"  width="600" height="400">

### Sample Data 

(3, "Fears for T N pension after talks Unions representing workers at Turner
Newall say they are 'disappointed' after talks with stricken parent firm Federal
Mogul.")


(4, "The Race is On: Second Private Team Sets Launch Date for Human
Spaceflight (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - TORONTO, Canada -- A second\\team of
rocketeers competing for the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize, a contest
for\\privately funded suborbital space flight, has officially announced
the first\\launch date for its manned rocket.")

### Data pipeline

1. get all text in training set -> tokenize them -> form the vocab dic 

```python
tokenizer = get_tokenizer("basic_english")

def yield_tokens(data_iter):
    for _, text in data_iter:
        yield tokenizer(text)

vocab = build_vocab_from_iterator(yield_tokens(train_iter), specials=["<pad>"])
vocab.set_default_index(vocab["<pad>"])

print(vocab(['here', 'is', 'an', 'example']))
```

2. forming the text and lebel pipeline

```python
    text_pipeline = lambda x: vocab(tokenizer(x))
    label_pipeline = lambda x: int(x) - 1
```

3. Data batching: make all sequences the same length as max sequence length by padding

```python
def collate_batch(batch):
    label_list, text_list = [], []
    
    for (_label, _text) in batch:
        label_list.append(label_pipeline(_label))
        processed_text = torch.tensor(text_pipeline(_text), dtype=torch.int64)
        text_list.append(processed_text)

        label_list = torch.tensor(label_list, dtype=torch.int64)
        padded_value = vocab["<pad>"]
        max_size = max([item.size(0) for item in text_list])

    padded = [torch.cat([item, torch.tensor([padded_value]).expand(max_size - len(item))])
            for item in text_list]

    text_list = torch.cat([item[None] for item in padded])
    return label_list.to(device), text_list.to(device)

train_loader = DataLoader(list(train_iter), batch_size=BATCH_SIZE, shuffle=True,collate_fn=collate_batch)

test_loader = DataLoader(list(test_iter), batch_size=BATCH_SIZE, shuffle=True, collate_fn=collate_batch)
```

Commit message:

playing with data for generative models

ClassificationModels/Seq_Classifier_Transformer/readme.md, after:

### Prerequisities 
You have to install the following package to get the data AG_NEWS()
```python
!pip install -U portalocker>=2.0.0
```


### Problem Description

This code is about AG News classificaton problem. 

AG News (AG's News Corpus) is a subdataset of AG's corpus of news articles constructed by assembling titles and description fields of articles from the 4 largest classes (“World”, “Sports”, “Business”, “Sci/Tech”) of AG's Corpus. The AG News contains 30,000 training and 1,900 test samples per class.

### Model Architecture
<img src="../../assets/sequenceClassifier.png"  width="600" height="400">

### Sample Data 

(3, "Fears for T N pension after talks Unions representing workers at Turner
Newall say they are 'disappointed' after talks with stricken parent firm Federal
Mogul.")


(4, "The Race is On: Second Private Team Sets Launch Date for Human
Spaceflight (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - TORONTO, Canada -- A second\\team of
rocketeers competing for the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize, a contest
for\\privately funded suborbital space flight, has officially announced
the first\\launch date for its manned rocket.")

### Data pipeline

1. get all text in training set -> tokenize them -> form the vocab dic -> assign integers to tokens

```python
tokenizer = get_tokenizer("basic_english")

def yield_tokens(data_iter):
    for _, text in data_iter:
        yield tokenizer(text)

vocab = build_vocab_from_iterator(yield_tokens(train_iter), specials=["<pad>"])
vocab.set_default_index(vocab["<pad>"])

print(vocab(['here', 'is', 'an', 'example']))
```

2. forming the text and lebel pipeline

```python
    text_pipeline = lambda x: vocab(tokenizer(x))
    label_pipeline = lambda x: int(x) - 1
```

3. Data batching: make all sequences the same length as max sequence length by padding

```python
def collate_batch(batch):
    label_list, text_list = [], []
    
    for (_label, _text) in batch:
        label_list.append(label_pipeline(_label))
        processed_text = torch.tensor(text_pipeline(_text), dtype=torch.int64)
        text_list.append(processed_text)

        label_list = torch.tensor(label_list, dtype=torch.int64)
        padded_value = vocab["<pad>"]
        max_size = max([item.size(0) for item in text_list])

    padded = [torch.cat([item, torch.tensor([padded_value]).expand(max_size - len(item))])
            for item in text_list]

    text_list = torch.cat([item[None] for item in padded])
    return label_list.to(device), text_list.to(device)

train_loader = DataLoader(list(train_iter), batch_size=BATCH_SIZE, shuffle=True,collate_fn=collate_batch)

test_loader = DataLoader(list(test_iter), batch_size=BATCH_SIZE, shuffle=True, collate_fn=collate_batch)
```
